[Music]
I used to live in a small studio
apartment in Chicago when I finished
college. It was not fancy, just a single
room space on the top floor of a
three-story building. I chose it because
rent was cheap and it was close to work.
And as a 23-year-old with student loans
and no savings, I didn't have the luxury
of being picky. The apartment was clean,
functional, and most importantly, mine.
The only window in the place looked out
over a narrow alley. Across the way was
another apartment building, nearly
identical to mine. The alley was tight,
barely wide enough for a single car to
squeeze through, and during the day, it
barely got any sunlight. At night, it
was pitch black. That never really
bothered me much. I was working late
nights at the time, bartending at a
lounge on the north side. I usually got
home around 2:30 or 3:00 in the morning.
Then I'd make a quick meal and zone out
on my phone until I passed out. One
night, about a month into living there,
I noticed something odd. I had just
walked in, kicked off my shoes, and
turned on the overhead light when I
thought I saw something move in the
window across the alley. Just a flicker,
a curtain twitching, maybe. I froze for
a second. But when I looked again, there
was nothing. The window was dark and
still. I shrugged it off. Maybe I
startled someone. Or maybe it was just a
draft. The next night, it happened
again. As soon as I turned on the
lights, I saw the curtain shift in that
same window. This time, I was sure I saw
it. A hand pulling the curtain back just
slightly before letting it fall. I
couldn't see the person behind it. The
lights in the other apartment were off.
It was just a sliver of movement in an
otherwise black void. But the reason
this really caught my attention was
because I had never seen the lights on
in that apartment. I always assumed that
nobody had lived there. That night, I
didn't sleep well. I kept thinking about
that attic and the hand. Over the next
week, I started paying closer attention.
Every night, without fail, the curtain
would move within seconds of me turning
on my lights. It was subtle but
unmistakable. It was the same thing
every time. There was a slow parting in
the curtain. I had a glimpse of the dark
space beyond it and then the curtain
would close again. I began testing it.
Some nights I would leave my lights off
and sit silently by the window. When I
did, nothing happened. But the moment I
turned them on, even just the dim light
by my couch, the curtain across the
alley would shift.
Someone was watching me, it was obvious.
I tried to rationalize it. Like maybe
someone just liked looking out their
window at night, but that didn't explain
the timing. It didn't explain the way it
always coincided with my arrival. That
was too big of a coincidence. I asked my
landlord about the unit across the
alley, and he told me it was vacant and
had been for months. I pressed him,
asked if maybe someone had moved in
recently, but he shook his head. He even
joked that I was being paranoid. I
considered calling the police, but
ultimately didn't because I felt like
reporting someone possibly looking at me
through a window in an empty apartment
sounded ridiculous. There was no crime
or proof, just a feeling that grew worse
every night. Then one night, everything
escalated when I came home later than
usual around 4:00 a.m. The bar had
hosted a private event and cleanup ran
long, so I was exhausted and not
thinking clearly.
When I reached my door, I noticed
something stuck in the frame. At first,
I thought it was junk mail or a flyer.
But when I pulled it free, I realized it
was a crumpled note. It simply said,
"Hey," written in pen. My legs went weak
because the first thought I had was the
apartment across the alley. So, I ran to
the window and looked across. The
curtain was drawn and there was no
movement.
I called my friend Jamie, panicking. She
lived across town but told me to come
over right away. I grabbed a backpack,
stuffed some essentials into it, and got
out. The next day, I confronted the
landlord again. This time, I demanded to
see the apartment across the alley. He
hesitated, but eventually agreed to meet
there with the key. The place was dusty
and completely empty with not a single
piece of furniture. The walls were bare,
and the floor creaked with every step as
if the place were 100 years old.
But there in the back room facing my
window was a single metal folding chair.
It was positioned directly in front of
the window and they had access to an
apartment that was supposed to be locked
and empty. The police were called and
they searched the place. I'm pretty sure
they took fingerprints, but nothing came
of it. The fact that my paranoia was
correct the entire time and that I was
in fact being watched, it made me sick
wondering how long the stretches of time
that that sicko would watch me would be.
I moved out that week. To this day, I
have no idea who was watching me, how
they got in, or how long it would have
gone on if I hadn't found that note
saying, "Hey." I've considered the
possibility of it being the landlord.
But ultimately, I had to drop that
theory because there's no way in hell he
wouldn't have went over there to remove
that chair before bringing me over
there. I still dream about that window.
And sometimes I wake up in the middle of
the night certain that someone somewhere
is still watching me.
[Music]
When I was 12, my family moved to a
rural area in Oregon, miles from the
nearest town. We lived on a large piece
of land surrounded by dense pine forest.
It was peaceful, quiet, and completely
isolating. The house itself was built in
the 1940s. It had the old house starter
pack with things like creaky floors, a
creepy attic, and a detached run-down
shed that sat about 30 ft from the back
door. The shed was packed with old tools
and junk from the previous owner. My dad
always meant to clean it out, but he
never did. For the most part, we stayed
away from it. I remember the first time
I noticed something strange. It was a
week night, close to midnight. I was up
reading with the flashlight under the
covers when I heard our dog Max barking
uncontrollably.
Max was a golden retriever, super
friendly but alert. When he barked like
that, it meant something was wrong. I
crept out of bed and peaked out the
window. He was facing the shed, barking
into the darkness. The motion sensor
light by the back door was on, casting
long shadows across the lawn. I couldn't
see anyone, but Max wouldn't stop. I
didn't go out there. I just watched for
a bit until he calmed down. Then I
walked away. The next morning, we found
deep bootprints in the dirt between the
house and the shed. My dad dismissed it,
saying it was probably a neighbor or a
drifter passing through, but I couldn't
stop thinking about it.
Over the next few weeks, Max barked at
that shed multiple times. Every time
we'd look outside and find nothing, but
the footprints would be back, and they
always led to the shed, never away from
it. One night around 2:00 a.m., I woke
up to the sound of footsteps on the
gravel outside my window. I froze. The
footsteps stopped then resumed, moving
toward the shed. I peaked through the
blinds and the light by the back door
flicked on and for just a second I saw
him, a tall man standing beside the shed
door. He was wearing what looked like a
dirty gray coat. His face was obscured
by shadows and then the light went out.
My heart pounded to my chest as I backed
away from the window. I woke my parents.
My dad grabbed his rifle and went
outside, but the man was gone. The
footprints were fresh, though, right up
to the shed. This time, my dad decided
to check inside. He unlocked the padlock
and pulled the doors open, but all there
was were just rusty tools and old tarps.
He added a new lock and reinforced the
doors. For a while, things were quiet.
Then a month later, Max went missing. We
searched everywhere through the woods,
up and down the road, even asked
neighbors. He was gone. I was completely
heartbroken. I held out hope that he'd
return and he just got lost in the
woods. That night, I couldn't sleep at
all. I kept thinking about the shed and
Max, about the man I'd seen. Around 3:00
a.m., I heard the back door creek. I got
out of bed and tiptoed into the hallway.
My dad was already up holding his rifle.
We moved to the back door just in time
to see the motion light flicker on.
There, standing by the shed, was the man
again. Only this time, he was holding
something. In one hand, a knife. In the
other, Max's collar. When I saw this, I
felt like my life was half sucked out of
my body, like this horrible
weightlessness in which I almost felt
like I was going to fall down.
My dad shouted and raised the rifle, but
the man turned and ran into the woods.
We called the police and they searched
the area, but found no trace of him.
What they did find inside the shed made
me sick. The floor had been cleared. In
the dirt, someone had carved symbols,
crude, disturbing images. In the corner
was a pile of bones. Animal bones,
hopefully.
It got worse. Behind a false panel in
the shed wall, the officers found a
backpack filled with items that weren't
ours. Wallets, watches, and a few pieces
of worn clothing. Things that must have
belonged to someone. Multiple someone's.
The strangest thing was a notebook.
Pages and pages of strange symbols,
incoherent rambling, and jagged
handwriting, and crude drawings of
houses, families, and eyes. I believe
that this was some kind of message to us
saying he was watching us like he's
watched other families.
The police took all the items that were
found. That night while packing to
leave, I looked out my window one last
time to the shed. The police tape
fluttered in the breeze and all was
quiet. But just beyond it, maybe 10 ft
into the treeine, I saw a person's face,
but the moment I blinked, it was gone. I
screamed my dad's name in a desperate
panic, yelling, "He's back." My dad
stormed into the room and looked out the
window, asking where he was. I pointed
straight at the shed and saw he was to
the left, right by the woods. He ran to
grab his rifle again, and this time he
ran outside and screamed like a maniac
while firing around. You can't imagine
the anger and frustration of having to
be chased out of your own home by a
crazy, dangerous person who likely
killed your dog. My dad was letting his
frustration out in that moment. I know
my dad wanted to kill that man. We moved
out days later to a much less remote
part of Oregon.
[Music]
In the summer of 2018, my friends and I,
Abby, Marcus, his younger brother Tim,
Tim's girlfriend Hannah, and me, planned
a weekend trip in the Blue Ridge
Mountains. We were all in our early 20s,
fresh out of college, and eager to
unplug from everything. We picked a spot
far off the grid, deep into the national
park, where the trees grew thick, the
air smelled of pine and damp soil, and
there was no cell signal for miles. The
first night was normal. We hiked in with
our gear, found a clearing by a lake
with just enough space for three tents,
started a fire, and cooked hot dogs and
marshmallows.
We told stories, drank, and stayed up
late watching the stars. The silence of
the forest was relaxing.
It wasn't until the second night that
things started to feel wrong. At around
11 p.m., we were still sitting around
the fire laughing when Marcus suddenly
stiffened and pointed towards the woods,
asking if we saw that as well. We all
looked, but nothing was there. He swore
he saw movement, a figure ducking behind
a tree, maybe 30 or 40 yard away. Tim
dismissed it as a deer, but then 20
minutes later, we heard a stick snap in
the same direction. This time, it was
loud. Abby was clearly spooked and said
she wanted to go to bed. Everyone agreed
to call it a night. We dowsed the fire,
zipped up the tents, and tried to sleep.
That night, I woke up to something that
still haunts me. Breathing from just
outside, probably not even 10 ft from my
head. At first, I thought I was still in
a half dream state. But it continued. I
was with four other people, though. It
could have maybe been one of them going
outside to pee, but I didn't hear the
sound of a stream, just the breathing.
The breathing also almost sounded like
an older person, someone who was short
of breath from smoking too much. I
reached for my flashlight, but didn't
dare turn it on. The breathing moved
from one side of the tent to the other.
Then it stopped. I waited without saying
a word because it was the only thing I
could do. Since the breathing stopped
rather suddenly, I felt a sense of
relief that my original thought of it
being one of my friends peeing was
accurate. So eventually, I fell asleep.
In the morning, I said nothing. Neither
did Abby. But when we met up for
breakfast, Marcus had a concerned look
on his face like he was antsy to tell us
something. He said someone was outside
our tent last night. Hannah nodded and
said she heard it too and noted that
whoever it was walked around the tent
more than once and it could have been
more than one person. I asked the entire
group if anyone got up to pee last night
and that maybe that's what we heard. Tim
responded that he did go pee, but that
he thought he saw a figure crouched near
the fire pit around 4:00 a.m. We
searched the area, and we found
footprints in the ground circling all
three tents. But in a spot where the
dirt was a little wetter, more like mud,
one of the footprints was very clearly
from a bare human foot, not shoes or
boots. This made the whole thing even
stranger. They led into the woods and
vanished. We tried to joke about it,
saying maybe it was a crazy hiker or
prankster, but it didn't feel like a
joke. That night, we stayed up later,
talking nervously around a much bigger
fire. We kept our flashlights close.
Around 2:00 a.m., we heard that awful
sound of the crunching of leaves in the
distance, but this time there was a
voice.
It was a low voice, too quiet to
understand, but definitely human. Marcus
snapped on his flashlight and for a
split second we saw who it was. It was a
man fully naked crouched behind one of
the trees nearby. He scrambled back into
the trees like an animal that just got
exposed. All of us were completely
shook. We were too scared to even break
off to go into our tents. Staying out in
the open with all five of us together
just felt safer. Hannah suggested
packing up and leaving, but Marcus and I
said that was a horrible idea. Packing
up camp this late and finding our way
back to the car would not only be
extremely difficult, but also extremely
terrifying. Worrying that that man was
behind us following us. That night was
the worst night yet and maybe one of the
worst nights of my life. I didn't get a
single second of sleep. I was wide awake
and perhaps that may have saved me or my
belongings at the very least. However
many hours had passed before I heard the
distant sound of a stick snapping or a
leaf crunching. I said out loud, "Please
let it be a deer." under my
breath. A few moments of silence passed
before a voice from out in the woods
said, "I see you guys." It was not any
of my friends. I didn't know if any of
my friends were awake and also heard it,
but I heard none of them react. So, I
guess I was too scared to be the only
one reacting.
What happened next, I never would have
expected, though. I heard my tent shift
ever so slightly, which caused me to
shoot up and look at the tent zipper and
it started to slowly move down. I
started to scream at the top of my
lungs, causing my friends to also start
screaming. Whoever was on the other side
of my tent took off, I presume, but I
can't know for sure. All I know is all
of us yelled at each other to
communicate through the tents. I zipped
the zipper back up fully, and I didn't
hear breathing or footsteps again that
night. I didn't fall asleep. I watched
as the morning sun slowly started
lighting up the place. At dawn, we
packed everything and left. On the hike
back to the car, the tension didn't
leave us. At the ranger station, we told
them everything. The ranger listened
carefully, then said they've had
reports. A man, maybe more than one,
living out there. Some said they steal
things and others said worse. I don't
know what worse mess. We didn't ask. We
laughed it off in the car, but it didn't
really feel funny to me. I don't think I
could ever go camping again after that,
especially after the zipper thing.